date          : 2022-04-21
information   : This is an online meeting and will be streamed on [YouTube](https://youtu.be/Nq0657t8odk). The meeting will start at 19:00.
livestreamUrl :
location      : 
address       : 
locationUrl   : 
meetupUrl     : 
items         :
  - type      : talk
    title           : Crawl Dutch government websites to collect statistics of SRI usage
    abstract        : >-
                      In this work we crawled all major Dutch govern- ment websites to 
                      measure the adoption rate of Subresource Integrity Protection (SRI). 
                      We crawled and evaluated close to 150,000 different pages on 477 
                      different domains using a crawler that we developed. This resulted 
                      in approximately 1,000,000 different cross origin script and link 
                      tags being evaluated. We found the adoption rate of SRI to be very 
                      low with 8.4% of the tags having implemented SRI. For sensitive 
                      pages, such as login and registration pages, this number was 
                      slightly lower at 8.3%. Our findings indicate that most of these 
                      SRI enabled references are due to Content Delivery Networks (CDN’s) 
                      and utility providers providing HTML resource links already with 
                      proper integrity and crossorigin attributes. This is due to CDN’s 
                      and utility providers being the most popular SRI enabled domains to 
                      reference to in combination with almost no Dutch government websites 
                      having complete SRI cover- age in their cross origin resource 
                      references.
    speakers        :
    - name            : Tom Stock
      bio             : >-
                        My name is Tom Stock, a cyber security master student at the Radboud 
                        University with a passion for computers, pretty code and solving complex 
                        problems with simple software.
    youtubeUrl      :
  - type            : talk
    title           : Web Security Map ([basisbeveiliging.nl](basisbeveiliging.nl))
    abstract        : >-
                      Absolute transparency moves people forward. What happens when plotting 
                      the state of security on a map? Organizations start to adapt and improve. 
                      This is an overview of the Web Security Map application, which can help 
                      you providing insight into a huge amounts of security info about companies 
                      up to entire countries. It’s an open source product which can help you 
                      change your part of the world. In this talk you’ll see the impact, how it 
                      works, what it does, where to get it and where to go from there.
    speakers        :
    - name            : Elger Jonker
      bio             : >-
                        Elger Jonker is an ethical hacker who wants to make the world a better 
                        place. Elger is currently working on the next Dutch hacker camp: May 
                        Contain Hackers 2022 and has co-founded two hackerspaces Hack42 in 
                        Arnhem and Awesome Space in Utrecht. Professionally Elger specializes 
                        in the combination of software security, security testing and 
                        application development. Elger is currently the lead developer for 
                        internet.nl and has worked on other similar projects for the internet 
                        society. Of course there is more but this bio should only be so long… 
                        Oh, and Elger is doing software things for over 25 years now… which 
                        makes them old, but not yet always grumpy.
    presentationUrl :
    youtubeUrl      :
  - type            : talk
    title           : Security Transformation Program
    abstract        : >-
                      We are living in a fast changing and very demanding world. New and evolving 
                      technologies bring along new cybersecurity threats increasing the pressure on 
                      SAP to evolve the security level of its software. With the migration to the 
                      cloud we have the responsibility to securely operate our software adding a 
                      layer of complexity into the security landscape. And if that was not enough, 
                      more and more countries are releasing strict data privacy regulations. There 
                      is no “one size fits all” solution any longer so that all our teams are faced 
                      with technical and regulatory requirements. To overcome these challenges new 
                      requirements, standards, and frameworks for developers and operations experts 
                      are extended or created regularly – but more does not always mean better. 
                      These initiatives quickly become exercises to fill in yet another excel file. 
                      Therefore, the CX Trust Office has initiated a CX Security Transformation 
                      Program to make security easy to consume for developers and operations experts 
                      by simplifying, automating, and providing guidance.  
                      ### Story Line:
                      NIST, Internal policies, external frameworks, SOC, ISO certifications come with 
                      a big list with repetitive requirements and very often the requirements are not 
                      build into the product, but driven by external audits. Changing architectures, 
                      products after they have been created and put in production. We have created a 
                      strategy with tool to translate the requirements to executable easy to understand 
                      instructions that removes complexity and removes duplications. We have setup our 
                      organization in cross functional and functional teams that support to execute the 
                      strategy. A tool to glue these things together and provide guidance, current 
                      status for all the frameworks and regulations.
    speakers        :
    - name            : Dimitar Yanev
      bio             : >-
                        EA natural leader that foster collaboration with empathy and inspires team work 
                        by empowering people ability to unveil the best of themselves. Bringing 
                        experience of driving complex strategic cross-company projects to success. 
                        Recognized for demonstrating out of the box thinking and putting customers front 
                        and centre. Started his career in SAP Labs Sofia as a build engineer responsible 
                        for creating a home grown complex java build environment. Joined and lead a task 
                        force to roll out security static analysis in SAP. During the time gained in depth 
                        understanding on how leading SAST Tools works and how to manage cross company scaled 
                        projects. Lead the first the first Security Self-Service & Automation work stream for 
                        SAP. Today Dimitar is Head of SAP CX Product Security Transformation and DevOps 
                        defining, executing and developing tool support for security transformation program 
                        for SAP CX.
    - name            : Andreas Hauke
      bio             : >-
                        Andreas Hauke was born in Würzburg, North Bavaria - Germany. He founded his first IT 
                        company during his school time with the age of 18 years, to train employees how to use 
                        standard software and doing web development for small companies. He started studying 
                        computer science and economics and paused due to founding his second company in the 
                        e-commerce space to sell furniture online. In this time he was responsible to develop 
                        the e-commerce platform based on open-source, operate it in a co-location and also securing 
                        it against attacks. After the journey of an entrepreneur and closing the companies, he 
                        rejoined studies and finished his bachelor’s degree with focus on information security. 
                        During the study time he worked full-time as a consultant in different security projects 
                        to execute penetration tests or overall secure the environments, also in critical 
                        infrastructure of the government. After studies and being a freelancer, he joined Deutsche 
                        Telekom Cloud Services as a Cloud Architect and was responsible to establish security in 
                        the new developed Open-Stack platform and did due-diligences for security of the partner 
                        solutions hosted on the platform. Besides that, he also trained the German army for networking 
                        and security. After Telekom he joined SAP as a Security Architect to secure the first 
                        productive SAP micro service platform developed by the Hybris team and took over the 
                        responsibility to help securing other solutions in the portfolio. Being part of SAP he helped 
                        acquisitions to integrate to SAP, e.g. Callidus, Gigya and Coresystems. He also helped to pilot 
                        the first risk-based Secure SDL in SAP and initiated the first Security Self-Service & 
                        Automation work stream for SAP.He also is a certified Threat Model Expert & Trainer, ISO27001 
                        lead auditor, data protection officer and did several courses on cryptography, security 
                        management and forensics. At the moment he is leading the SAP CX Trust Office as CISO for SAP 
                        Customer Experience (CX) and drives the security transformation for this portfolio.  
                        Andreas Hauke joined SAP as a Security Architect to secure the first productive SAP micro 
                        service platform developed by the Hybris team and took over the responsibility to help securing 
                        other solutions in the portfolio. Being part of SAP he helped acquisitions to integrate to SAP, 
                        e.g. Callidus, Gigya and Coresystems. He also helped to pilot the first risk-based Secure SDL in 
                        SAP and initiated the first Security Self-Service & Automation work stream for SAP. Currently 
                        he is leading the SAP CX Trust Office as CISO for SAP Customer Experience (CX) and drives the 
                        security transformation for this portfolio.
    presentationUrl :
    youtubeUrl      :
